
Table of Contents
General
Props & Construction
Raids and Combat
Jobs
Vehicles
Miscellaneous

(Placeholder for General)

Do not Random Death Match (RDM). RDM is defined as killing another player without a purpose of RP, and that it was done without a justification or such. Mass RDM (>3 players) will result in a temporary or permanent ban depending on the severity.
Follow New Life Rule (NLR) and do not stay within the NLR circle. Unless you got killed by rulebreakers (RDM/Prop Kill), you must forget everything in your previous life.
However, if you happen to witness an event such as a raid in process, again in your new life, feel free to defend your place again. If you have the means to, without staying in the NLR circle.
Do not FailRP in the server. This means that you are exploiting the server’s features to gain advantage or escape a situation, and that it defeats the purpose of RP. (Changing jobs when kidnapped)
With that said, hacks gets you banned as well. Of course.
Bhopping is not allowed in the server. Using it in RP gives you an advantage over players and it makes players believe you are speed hacking.
Do not meta game in the server - using OOC knowledge that the player should not be aware of or killing a hitman since he has a hit ongoing.
Do not change your job name to an existing job name - if you are a hitman, you can’t change your job name to Citizen.
Don’t flood the chat with spam.
No porn sprays, go somewhere else for that. We’ll gladly kick you.
Don’t troll, unless you’re having a friendly banter with your friends as long as they don’t interfere with other’s gameplay.
Show others the respect they deserve.

(Placeholder for Props & Construction in General)

Do not prop spam, rope spam, prop push, prop climb or prop surf. You will be banned without warning, depending on the severity.
Do not build any mechanisms or contraptions that involves the unghosting prop spawning bug.
Be cautious when spawning large props.
Minimize building random contraptions in your base and do not let it interfere with RP. Like blocking off your printers with a prop, then removing it only when you need to access the area.

(Placeholder for Construction Bases)
A base must not restrict access of an ATM to the public.
Bases too big & causing massive lag to others will be removed if needed. So big bases are not advised.
In order to build a big base, all the members of the party must own all of the doors in that district.
You can completely block pathways to your base / area, provided that there is one accessible pathway.
Security cameras are to be placed on your physical property such as above your entrance. Placing them across the street or somewhere unreasonable is not allowed. Do not place any invisible materials on a camera.
KOS lines are not allowed & can be ignored by players if seen. The roads/walkways’ not yours, but any intruders in your own property, provided if you have owned all the doors in the area, can be killed.
Building signs can be placed in order to inform the public that you are building, but you can still be raided. 
When basing, do not use one-way props (raider cannot see, but owner can). This also includes non-bulletproof props or mechanisms that behave like a one-way mirror.
The use of crouch tunnels and silhouette prop material are forbidden. Bases are not mazes.
Fading doors cannot be placed against a locked door, making it impossible to crack in.
Users are entitled to 1 fading door per real door. Which means if there’s 2 doors, you get to put down 2 fading doors correspondingly.
Fading doors must last for at least 8 seconds while opened, and have a keypad for the door which must be easily accessible (not obscured in anyway or crack-able from one-angle.) 
Keep in mind that your keypad must be made easily accessible. You cannot have any “parkour” or hiding keypads and they must be within the same area / vicinity / room of the door itself.
You are not allowed to no-collide your walls to get inside your base, you  must enter in the same way(s) that a raider would have to enter. This is for fair play.

(Placeholder for Construction Special Base)
Do not build in other people’s places unless they let you.


[Placeholder for Raids and Combat]
You are not allowed to build during a raid, which is inclusive of freezing your props if they become unwelded or unfrozen by the raider.

[Placeholder for Jobs]
(Placeholder for All Government classes)

CPs are allowed to conduct weapon check in the PD and the Bank. Naturally anywhere where you won’t need a gun in, even for self-defense purposes - arrest if anyone doesn’t comply to have their illegal guns confiscated.
CPs should do their jobs well and have a valid reason for arresting, searching, warranting and wanting a player.
CPs are allowed to use lethal force on lawbreakers after a valid warning. Like you’d IRL.
CPs can arrest players during a lockdown, except for government officials and hobos. Make sure you give out warnings first.
CPs are liable for demotion when corrupt, but can own doors, bases and printers. They are not allowed to raid, warrant or search other players, and are limited to defending their base.

(Placeholder for Mayor)
You are not allowed to place any laws that can run contradictory to the server rules. - Like trolling & stuff.
You can initiate a lockdown for whatever reason, although a grace period should be given for players to return indoors.
You can be recalled/demoted if you’re a bad Mayor. D: (failing to do duties, answer warrants or owning printers etc.).

(Placeholder for Citizens)
Don’t do bad things that involves threathening other’s life, but you can smuggle bong all you want. - Just don’t get caught.

(Placeholder for Medics)
      1.   Just be a good doctor that you are :D


(Placeholder for Gun Dealers)
Vendor classes are defined as Gun Dealer, Heavy Gun Dealer, Black Market Dealer and Prostitute.
Vendors must sell their goods to the public, they are not allowed to fully restrict their trade.

(Placeholder for Raiding Classes)
Thieves are allowed to mug other players for any reasonable amount. Going around mugging at impossible prices & start a massacre is a dick move, get your sorry ass ready to be banned.


(Placeholder for Hobos)
You are poor & fragile, so do anything a poor & weak guy would. Like not mugging people, since you’re a hobo ya know. A guy with low self-esteem and extremely depressed about life.
Hobos can riot anytime all they want. Don’t cry when you get arrested though.

(Placeholder for Hitman)
Go ahead and use any means you deem necessary to take out your target, try not to kill anyone else in the progress, it’ll troublesome.

(Placeholder for DJ)
Play & share the wonders of music! Bad music might get you in trouble though.

(Placeholder for Kidnapper)
You can knock anyone out, but anyone can defend the victim. So do it more professionally.

(Placeholder for Rapist)
Don’t constantly rape the same people, I’d say the most anyone can last is 5 rounds a day d:

(Placeholder for Farmers)
You can plant anywhere you like - of course only on soil grounds. But if it happens to be against the Mayor’s Law, good luck moving.


[Placeholder for Vehicles]
Do not no-collide your vehicle, it’s basically cheating.
Do not use props to destroy others’ cars, it’s no fun & you’re basically trolling.
Vehicles are meant for transportation or entertainment purposes, not as a tool of annoyance. You can rape your friends’ ears but stop if others are complaining, you will get a warn if you don’t. - Tip: In the event one doesn’t stop & there’s no admin around, type “stopsound” in your console and it’ll fix everything. Until the feg horns again. d:




